feat: introduce new deprecated types for rules (#19238)
eslint/eslint: docs/src/integrate/nodejs-api.md

  The original source code text. This property is undefined if any messages didn't exist or the `output` property exists.
* `stats` (`Stats | undefined`)<br>
  The [Stats](../extend/stats#-stats-type) object. This contains the lint performance statistics collected with the `stats` option.
* `usedDeprecatedRules` (`{ ruleId: string; replacedBy: string[]; info: DeprecatedInfo | undefined }[]`)<br>
  The information about the deprecated rules that were used to check this file.

>   The info property is defined to `rule.meta.deprecated` if the rule uses the [new deprecated property](../extend/rule-deprecation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `info` property is set to `rule.meta.deprecated` if the rule uses the [new `deprecated` property](../extend/rule-deprecation).
```
